Fix/starter vite (#187)
Mintbase/templates: README.md

## Templates

### Starter Templates

> `PS: we not officially supporting create-react-app due to many issues it has with packages used for crypto dapps. Also isnt recommended by React Team. If you want a SPA project we recommend React Vite.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Disclaimer: We do not officially support `create-react-app` due to numerous issues with packages used for crypto dApps. Additionally, it is not recommended by the React Team. For a SPA project, we recommend using React with Vite.`
```
